Ye Ci was released from prison a month ago
What did you say?
Ye Ci has already been released?
Excuse me,
are you Mr. Duan?
Hello,
I’m Ye Ci’s legal representative
Legal representative?
What’s going on?
Why did the officer say she was released?
Ye Ci is still in custody
There must’ve been another inmate
with the same name
Same name?
Even the same charge?
Hello,
can you show me
Ye Ci’s sentencing record?
Sorry
you don’t have the right to see it
Luckily it was just a name match
You just said
you’re her lawyer?
Why does she need a lawyer?
She saw the news yesterday
and guessed you'd come to sign the divorce
She already knows?
Good
That saves me from having to explain
Call her here
Let her sign
She doesn’t want to see you
That’s why she gave me
full negotiation rights
Negotiate?
Negotiate what?
She agrees to divorce
But...
you have to sign her version of the agreement
The house
The child
And all shared assets
belong to her
What about me?
She paid for the house herself
The shared assets,
including 8 million yuan,
were deposited by her
During that time, you withdrew 2 million
I withdrew money
to pay for our son’s schooling
I won’t argue with you
I want to see her
I already said
She won’t see you
This is between husband and wife
None of your business